GL Quest Outline

GL1 - Trial by Fire
	= Slay the dragon, join the cause.
	
GL2 - Slaying Ouroburos
	= De Rol Le is terrorizing the caves, hunt it down.
	
GL3 - Recursive Antivirus
	= Vol Opt has taken control of the mines, shut it down.
	
GL4 - Skipping Records
	= The loop is revealed. Hopefully you can end the cycle.
	
	
Characters
	TURMS 		- A messenger sent by Dr.Nostra
	Dr.Nostra 	- A doctor who, in this cycle, has noticed there is a loop.
	Laverna 	- FOMarl you secretly run into during these quests. 
				  Assistant to Dr.Nostra, first encountered in the mines.
				  She will reveal a password here, that you can use in the forest.
				  In the forest she reveals you that she gave nostra the data that leads him to discover the loop, she gives you a secret for the ruins here.
				  She tricks him to hire someone to kill the 4 beasts and restart the loop.
				  Secret in ruins reveals she was corrupted by Dark Falz, and saw that only the plot
				  of Ep3 could seal him, so she keeps the loop going knowing 
				  it is how we get to that point.
				
	Gomez 		- RAMar In the forest. Talks about taking on the job but after facing the dragon 
				  and barely escaping he is going to drop out. Something about the client creeps him out.
				  
	Ailia		- HUNewerl in the caves. Talks about having joined in after the 
				  dragon was defeated. She says she was allowed to take on this
				  contract due to her connection to Laverna that is not explained until the secret in the ruins where she is met again.
				  
	GLADIO		- HUCast in the Mines seemingly effected by Vol Opt virus. Barely
				  holding on and reveals something in his head is commaning him to
				  stop you. Will try to fight you at this point.
				  
	Harley		- FONewerl in Ruins. Found only in the second room. She is scared
				  and hearing a whispering voice. Clearly terrified of the area.
				
	Cabo, Frosty, Kongajinken - Mentioned in the ruins secret as people who once defeated Dark Falz in previous cycles.
	
Areas and events-
FOREST 1 - Gomez
FOREST 2 - Laverna
CAVES 2 - Ailia
MINES 1 - Laverna
MINES 2 - Gladio
RUINS 1 - Harley
RUINS 3 - Laverna